United Pixelworkers Critique:

United Pixelworkers is a beautifuly designed website with great colors, design elements, and content that is to the point. At first glance I thought that UPW was simply a T-shirt compnay, but after looking through the about section there is acutally an interesting story behind how the site started and what it represents. The t-shirts sold on the site represent the web design community and each shirt has a specific theme or location, which I found interesting. 

On a more technical note, most of UPW has a tile design. This works nicely to compliment the viewing experience while browsing through the large selection of t-shirts being sold on the site. It is very easy to browse through the products because they are generally all the same size tile and product. The site implements some more advanced web design functions such as the use of jquery for added effects while browsing. Some of these effects include having the product tile jump up or down when the cursor is hovered across it, or the effect on the stock status bars that appear after a product is selected for viewing.

Although UPW is very visually appealing and implements cutting edge web design technologies such as javascript and jquery, the site doesn't go without fault. There were numerous error messages when I attempted to actually add an item to the shopping cart. Another issue I encountered was that when a product would selected, the large product image would not appear unless I had my cursor positioned over where the image should be. This could have been done on purpose, but if it was it did not feel natural. Problems such as these mentioned were experienced in multiple browsers. I tried both Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox when testing the sites functionality and experienced the same problems. Overall UPW is a fantastic site with a unique background story, but the errors I was receiving prevented me from actually spending money on the site! Something that will really hurt a business.