After reviewing the vintage and handmade goods online retailer Etsy.com I have composed the following critique:

My initial impression after first visiting Etsy.com is that the site is fairly plain, yet has some interesting design choices regarding how they position their product images. The sites homepage looks fairly typical to that of most online retail stores, displaying various product images down the center of the page, having navigation controls on the left and header areas of the page. After navigating away from the homepage and digging more into the site is when it becomes aparant that Etsy.com has some unique design elements.

After browsing through some of the content on Etsy.com I felt like I was window shopping on the interenet. While the site give you control on the categories of items you would like to view there really isn't much more customization on the page once you start scrolling through items, unless you use the search function. When first clicking on a category to browse such as the "Home and Living" link, I noticed that the categories are presented with picture large picture sizes. This is where the "window shopping" feeling starts to kick in. It is easier to just see a category that interests you rather than actually reading the text below that describes the image. The images also have a pleasant design and artistic feel to them. This is very fitting for the site because after finding the about section I learned they only sell vintage and hand made goods. 

This same window shopping feel is carried on throughout browsing each subcategory. There are no distractions in the side margins while you are browsing, making the items on the page much desirable to click on and look at, versus a page with many cramped advertisements and pop ups.

The color scheme is very complementing to the site, light gray and light blue colors are easy on the eyes and provide a "cool" and mellow feel to site.

The site tracks back to being much more traditional with the search function. When a search is performed the category menu stays on the page using a fixed navigation, while the items are all the same size and it is clear to see and read what the item is and how much it costs.

Overall Etsy.com is very plain site design wise, but I feel the design is working in their favor because the design promotes the window shopping/browsing appeal. The photos are also very colorful and vibrant, giving nice contrast to the sites basic color schemes.     