Happy Cog Critique:

It is easy to see why Happy Cog has the impressive client list and portfolio as a web design company, just by viewing their homepage. I was instantly impressed by the way Happy Cog has managed to pack a lot of information into not only one website, but just one page. It was very nice being able to navigate from section to section without ever having to load a new page, the experience was never interupted because of this. Going back to week 6/7 it is easy to see that Happy Cog used both a single and tile style when designing their homepage. They also are showing that they are a modern and up to date company by using this single page sort of style, something you would certainly want a design company to be.

The content on the site is displayed with an excellent choice of font, coloring, and positioning. All of these factors make for a pleasant viewing experience. One thing I especially enjoyed about the site was the use of very short and to the point headers and content. It was easy to read and know right away what type of content to expect in each section and without having to read paragraphs worth of information (although certain websites/topics need detail). Another aspect of happycog.com I enjoyed were some of the more subtle characteristics. Such as how the text slowly turns to and from orange when placing your cursor over the navigation links. Happy Cog also stands out to me over other single page style websites because it doesn't try to be too fancy. What I mean by this is on a lot of other single page sites like chartbeat.com tend to over do it on the graphical features of the site. Sites like chartbeat.com can be distracting when objects are moving and twirling around the screen while scrolling. I agree with how Happy Cog does not have these extra bells and whistles which allow for the visitor to focus on the content.

The only negative thing I have to say about happycog.com is about one aspect of the navigation. I feel it would be nicer if there was more empty space between the different sections of the site. My reasoning being that when you click on the 'About' section, you end up seeing the network section at the bottom of the page. Personally I would like to just see the information in the About section first, instead of seeing the start of the Network section. This is a pretty minor detail and I'm sure Happy Cog had their reasonings behind why they did not design the site in this fashion. One of them possibly being not wanting to have a visitor who is just scrolling down the page - instead of using the nav bar- to have to scroll a long distance with blank space.

Overall Happy Cog has a great site, I hope on day I can acheive the same quality and usability in my own personal sites.